I'm pretty excited to do this course,
you guys also get my Christmas mustache.
So, I grow a mustache while
doing advent of code.
And so
it's unusual that I have a mustache, but
now you will get the full experience
of both crypto and a mustache.
Which I believe makes me actually even
better at picking NFT's is when you grow
mustache.
So, I'm pretty excited about this.
So, this is kind of the year of crypto.
I think everyone can kind of agree
that this is the year of crypto.
See me personally,
I thought that was the year of crypto.
I remember that year.
That was fantastic.
Everyone was buying it.
January was hot and then everything
died off and no one cared about it for
many years and now it's gone crazy, right?
By the way,
I did buy here at this nice top part.
I did sell nice and low, I just,
just classic buy high, sell low.
I also had this really great joke.
I was gonna make about this guy who became
a millionaire off of doge coin, and
I was gonna call him slum,
doge millionaire.
And then I found out that he
made a Twitter account and
it really ruined my joke.
And so I feel very upset about this.
So I think I'm gonna quit that means for
the rest of my life.
I was actually going to even make
another meme about quitting memes, but
then I realized that's kind of defeating
the purpose of quitting meme so
I didn't do that.
Anyway, so I'm going to be here
to talk to you about crypto, and
you will have to excuse the lambo
while I hit you with some knowledge.
Which is the most important
part of understanding crypto.
But here's the real deal is that I am
not gonna try to sell you on anything,
I don't think crypto's 100% the future and
100% not the future.
I think it's actually just
a pretty interesting tech.
It has a lot that's gonna have to change,
right?
Like no one thought in 1999 that
Everything with the web has already
arrived, right?
There was a lot of change between then and
even three years after that.
And so I do think that we're just
at this really unique spot with it,
where we don't actually
know what's gonna happen?
We don't know what
the future is going to be.
We don't know how much of it is going
to actually affect our daily lives.
And so I think it's just really fun.
I think every developer should at least
have some working knowledge of what
it could be.
And think of some fun ideas and
ultimately,
you just might be able to make
something that's worth a lot of money.
I know that there's these crypto punks
that are 64 by 64 pixelated arts and
one of them sold for $100 million.
So, I don't know really what's going on,
but it's just a unique world right now.
The goal of this course is not to teach
you how to build a Aethalium react app,
right?
It's not going to be focusing on making
a website while lightly integrating with
Aethalium or any of these technologies.
Really what it's going to be is building
a really solid foundation such that
you will be able to build
anything you want to build.
And that's really my goal here,
is not just to just lightly do it,
but to show you every part of it
that I can so that when you leave
exactly how to assemble the pieces
that are important for you.
Know where the dangers lie and ultimately
be able to build something that's
just more complex than a simple hey,
here's a crypto zombie.
And so by the way,
crypto zombies is pretty good tutorial.
And so who am I?
I am probably best known for using Vim.
That's I know it's pretty cool skill
to be known for a lot of people.
They grow up hoping that they could
be known for such things, but
they don't get to be known for that.
I have a Twitch, I have a YouTube and
I work at a startup we ship DVDs
are around the United States.
You may have heard of
us were called Netflix.
We've been doing it for a while now.
I really think who knows?
Maybe we'll ship DVDs to other places.
We have lots of places to
expand very excited about it.
And here is the course outline I'm kind
of moving fast because I don't want to do
a long intro.
I know a proper intro should
be 45 minutes long, but
I want to make it shorter today because
there's just too much to cover.
So the first thing we're gonna do is
just do the Hello World Contract.
I want to make sure everybody has
the right tools in place that they have
seen kind of the basics of it.
So, we're gonna build
the Hello World Contract.
We're gonna test it,
we're gonna deploy it.
We're gonna talk to it from a webpage.
So we're gonna kinda go to
the four spots you should
know when developing Tech for Ethereum.
And yes I am when I say
when we do web three and
a tour I'm more specifically
looking at Ethereum.
There's a lot of directions we could go,
we could talk about layer two.
We could talk about salona the oddest,
chain ever created because it's programmed
in Rust, which means I could tell
you about rust the entire time
without actually doing anything.
So, it does seem pretty tempting.
But we're gonna start
with the simplest one,
because it's just very easy to work with.
Two we're gonna go a little
bit more complex contract.
We're even gonna launch it on Rinkeby,
which is a live test net,
that you can access pretty much
anywhere around the world.
Three we're gonna go to
a more complex contract.
And unfortunately this one gets,
this is where like the weeds of working
on the blockchain really start happening.
If you don't understand
these two statements,
hopefully at the end of the course you
will understand these two statements.
Both of these should be very
obvious if you understand them.
If they're not obvious, then don't worry
they will become obvious hopefully.
And then we'll do more testing deploying.
And then lastly we're going to
solve some of the bigger problems
which is how do you update your contracts?
How do you get something
large eyes of your contract?
I even had the person that
created the EIP 2535.
Try to make sure that I talk about this.
I was like, don't worry,
we're talking about this.
I met with him and it was a lot of fun.
And so I hope you're ready.
This is hopefully gonna be a little bit
different of a course because we're
going to be primarily coding and
going pretty fast.
So, I hope everyone's ready to keep up,
build a lot of things.
And if you don't build a lot of things
you just wanna watch that's fine.
But I am more of a person that
believes you learn by doing not
by just simply watching somebody.
And so that's I think the best
way to learn to do it because and
another thing I will not be doing today
is I will not be going over how to
declare a variable if statements for
loops, inheritance.
I just assume everyone here
knows how to program, and
if you see a sea based language, you
can kind of go okay, yeah, that's that.
Yeah, I get that.
That's that Okay.
Because we just want to go fast.
And I know I kind of alluded to this.
But a theorem is a real it has
a really simple language with it.
You'll see it, you'll just
immediately understand it, right?
There's nothing super complex about it.
Some of the concepts get harder and
some of the technicalities get harder, but
the base part of it is super easy.
It's also super popular.
Everybody knows what Aetherium is like
you even turn on the stock channel and
they'll have like a Bitcoin and
Aetherium ticker.
So it's like it's popular enough.
It's like the zeitgeist of
the smart contract world today.
Will it be tomorrow?
I don't know.
Netscape Navigator was really awesome and
so is AOL.
I can't tell you what's going to happen.
Is it the Netscape Navigator of today?
It could be.
But I also am going to assume that you
guys are familiar with TypeScript or
have enough working knowledge that if
I said, Hey, go yarn install this,
you're not going to be like,
what's an yarn?
I don't understand what
you're trying to tell me.
So hopefully everyone's kind
of at that level because or
else we'll spend too much time
just getting things set up and.
I also not going to use the Ethereum IDE.
There is an editor that's specifically
designed around a theorem
that adds a bunch of convenience to it.
And one of the reasons why I don't want
to do that is just the same reason why I
don't like people, especially when you're
new to something not using things like VS
code or IntelliJ, but actually trying
to go down to just the basics.
Cuz often when problems arise and
you've been using something that
abstracts your environment,
you don't know why they happen.
You're just like it's broken.
I don't get it.
Why is it broken here?
Why can't I call this function?
What's happening?
You miss out on a lot of the core
concepts by abstracting yourself.
You guys can use VS code or
whatever you want to use.
But I'll be flying on vim, I mean remember
the whole being known for vim thing.
And lastly we'll be doing a lot of
debugging if a problem does arise.
Now, some of them I have planned
some of them I don't have planned,
they It just happened.
And console log will be, of course,
our primary debugging tool,
the greatest of all debugging tools,
known demand.
But most importantly, this is the thing
that you really have to understand,
everything we do today
we're doing it first try.
So, I hope everybody's ready
to first try hang that up..
That's one of the best parts of coding
live is it's always the first try.
And if you guys are interested I've
already I've taught a course here on front
end masters about vim it was fantastic.
Lots of separability from mark on this one
if this course is going to be great now
he think I think he thinks it's great now.
And then the second one which for
whatever reason the image didn't load.
It loads and then doesn't load, which I
also did one on developer productivity.
So, if you're wondering how I'm
like switching between folders or
looking up stuff about say go Lang
i could just type in In this.
How am I doing all those things?
Have all those things done on another
course called developer productivity?
Pretty fantastic pacing.
I did want to say we're going to start off
slow, like I said, with the hello world,
but each thing we do is going to
get significantly more complicated.